extThree20Google
================

extThree20Google is a Three20 extension that implements the following Google APIs:

* Google Directions API: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/directions/

Community
=========

If you would like to ask any questions regarding Three20, please check out any of the following:

* [Three20.info][]
* [Three20 Mailing List][]
* [Three20 Tagged Questions on StackOverflow][]

Documentation
==============================

You can access Three20 API documentation in several ways:

1. Online: http://facebook.github.com/three20/api
1. Within Xcode: 
    1. Open your Xcode Preferences (`⌘,`) and switch to Documentation tab. 
    1. Click the `+` button
    1. Add the Three20 doc set feed: `feed://facebook.github.com/three20/api/com.facebook.Three20.atom`
1. Generate the documentation from the project repository with the `src/scripts/docs.py` script

Adding extThree20Google to your project
=======================================

Please refer to to Three20 documentation on how to add this extension.


Using extThree20Google
======================

<code>
// Initialize
GDirections *directions = [[GDirections alloc] init];

// Register as delegate. This lets us know when the direction is loaded. Self must conform to TTRemoteDelegate.
[directions registerDelegate:self];

// To from can be given as a string or CLLocation
CLLocation *presentLocation;

// Get directions, delegate is called on successful load. Waypoints are ignored.
[directions loadDirectionsFrom:presentLocation
                            to:@"1 Infinite Loop"
                     waypoints:nil];

<code>

And below is the remote delegate callback:

<code>

- (void)remoteObject:(TTRemoteObject *)remoteObject didFinishLoadForRequest:(TTURLRequest *)request {
    // remoteObject is GDirections object that we instantiated in the code above. It has all the routes, legs and steps.
    GRoute *route = [directions.routes.objects objectAtIndex:0];
    
    for (int i = 0; i < route.legs.objects.count; i++ ) {
        GRouteLeg *leg = [route.legs.objects objectAtIndex:i];
        
        for ( int j = 0; j < leg.steps.objects.count; j++ ) {
            GRouteStep *step = [leg.steps.objects objectAtIndex:j];
        }
    }
}

<code>