
Etag Cache Support
==================

First order of business, read up on [Etags](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_ETag).

In summary:

> An ETag (entity tag) is part of HTTP, the protocol for the World Wide Web. It is
> a response header that may be returned by an HTTP/1.1 compliant web server and is
> used to determine change in content at a given URL. When a new HTTP response
> contains the same ETag as an older HTTP response, the client can conclude that the
> content is the same without further downloading. The header is useful for
> intermediary devices that perform caching, as well as for client web browsers that
> cache results. How the server generates an ETag is entirely up to the server. One
> possible method of generating the ETag is based on the last modified time of the
> file and the size of the file, another is using a checksum.

Three20 supports Etag internally with the `TTURLRequestCachePolicyEtag` cache policy. By
adding it to your request's cache policy, Three20 will follow the procedure required to
support Etags.

    request.cachePolicy = cachePolicy | TTURLRequestCachePolicyEtag;

See `TTFacebook` for an example.

The Three20 Etag procedure is as follows:

* When a request is made, check whether we are using the Etag cache policy.
* If we are, make the request and provide the cached Etag, if one exists.
* Upon receipt of a 200 response, cache the Etag key if present.
* Upon receipt of a 304 response, load the data from the cache.

Known Issues
============

* May 3, 2010: If an Etag key exists, but the corresponding data cache has been removed,
               Three20 will not correctly make the request again.
