extFacebook
===========

This extension provides support for accessing Facebook data in the form of Objects.

Using it in your App
--------------------

Add the `extThree20Facebook.xcodeproj` file to your project. Add `extThree20Facebook+<vendor>.a` to your
"Link Binary With Libraries" phase, and add `extThree20Facebook+<vendor>` as a dependency.

Import the following into your precompiled header or wherever you need access to
`FBSessionDelegate`. Your application should implement this delegate to receive session callbacks.

    #import "extThree20Facebook/extThree20Facebook.h"

Breakdown
---------

This library provides the ease of using Facebook Objects and Connections. When you include extFacebook in your app, you 
can access the classes that represents Facebook objects and connections. These classes helps in posting or reading data from facebook graph API.

Example
-------

GET your Facebook ALBUM:

    // Load the albums using following code
    // FB_CONNECTION_ALBUMS is a string that represents the type of object

    FbConnection *albums = [model.user setupConnection:FB_CONNECTION_ALBUMS];
    [albums registerDelegate:self];
    [albums load];

When ALBUM data got loaded, the response object is received in remoteObject(..) method that you have to override. It will look like as follows:

    (void)remoteObject:(TTRemoteObject *)remoteObject didFinishLoadForRequest:(TTURLRequest *)request {
        
          if ( conn.data.objectClass == [FbAlbum class] ) {
              // Access ALBUM data here
          }
    }

