
TTCoreDemo Example Project
==========================

Version: 1.0

Created by: Jeff Verkoeyen (github.com/jverkoey && @featherless)

Three20 technologies used:

Three20 Core

Overview
--------

The TTCoreDemo example project is an incredibly light-weight project that only uses the Core
component of Three20. Using Three20 Core might be preferable for you if you don't need any of the
User Interface, Network, or Style components of Three20, and simply want the powerful debugging
utilities and path processing provided by Core, amongst other features.

Architecture
------------

PlaygroundViewController.h/m: Within this controller you will find numerous examples of core
Three20 features. If you run the app, you will be greeted with an incredibly simple UI composed
of text and buttons that each perform a rudimentary, hopefully self-explanatory task.

Project Setup
-------------

This example project uses Xcode configuration (.xcconfig) files to share common configuration
properties with the rest of the sample projects. Using configuration files is entirely optional,
but it makes it much easier to make one change that affects a set of projects.

Project.xcconfig is used for all project settings.
App.xcconfig is used for the TTCoreDemo target.
UnitTests.xcconfig would be used for the project's unit tests.

A set of common configuration files exists in three20/samples/common/Configurations/

You can see which configuration file a target or project is using by clicking "Project", then
either "Edit Project Settings" or "Edit Active Target". At the bottom of the dialog that displays,
you'll see "Based On:" and the title of the xcconfig file.
