
Three20 Core
============

A set of utilities to improve the most basic aspects of Objective-C development. Included
in this library are debugging macros, optional Foundation object additions, and global
utility methods for localization, paths, and rects.


How to use it
-------------

* Add Three20Core.xcodeproj to your project.
* In your project, select Three20Core.xcodeproj and click the checkbox next to libThree20Core.a.
  This will link the Three20Core static library with your app.
* In your target settings, under the "Build" tab, add the relative path to
  `three20/Build/Products/three20` in the "Header Search Paths".
* In your target settings, under the "General" tab, add Three20Core as a direct dependency.
* Now #import "Three20Core/Three20Core.h" in your precompiled header (or wherever you choose).
* Build and go!


Example projects
----------------

three20/samples/Core/TTCoreDemo

A dead-simple project that demos an iPhone app using only Three20Core.


Breakdown
---------

Within Core you'll find the following tools.


### Markup Stripper

Fairly self-explanatory. Strips markup from an NSString using the native XML parser.


### Entity Tables

Some standard entity tables for use in decoding entities.


### Debugging Tools

A set of debugging and logging macros.


### Global Utilities

A diverse set of utility methods for localization, file system paths, and rects.


### (Optional) Additions

By including Three20Core+Additions, you'll have access to the library's Foundation additions,
including helpful additions to NSArrays, NSDictionaries, and NSStrings.



Hacking the Core
================

General information for when you're making modifications to the Core.


Importing specific files
------------------------

    #import "Three20Core/<filename>.h"


Dependencies
------------

None.
